Scrub references to Trelis (#736)
svalinn/DAGMC: doc/install/plugin.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain the Linux plugin from the link above. These instructions assume that you
have installed Cubit in ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2``. If you installed it somewhere
else, modify these instructions appropriately.

These operations may need to be performed as the root user (sudo).

1.  Unpack the tarball in ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2/bin/plugins``.
2.  Change directory to ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2/bin/plugins/dagmc``.
3.  Run the install script: ``./install.sh``.

OS/X install
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain the OS/X plugin from the link above. These instructions assume that you

> have installed Cubit in ``/Applications/Trelis-16.0``. If you installed it

Reviewer: Is `Trelis-16.0` still the folder name in OS/X?

Author: Good question - I don't know - maybe @bam241 can help answer this

> have installed Cubit in ``/Applications/Trelis-16.0``. If you installed it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
have installed Cubit in ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app``. If you installed it
```

this would depend on where the plugin come from... this is true with the last version I built on GitHub

Author: Have you built a version with Cubit 2020 or 2021?  I'd like to update the docs for one of those versions. (or does it still say Trelis in the directory name?)

Reviewer 2: it has not been merged but it has been built:
https://github.com/svalinn/Trelis-plugin/actions/runs/702907904

Reviewer 2: not tested on 2021 versions yet

Author: so back to the original question: what is the path of the Cubit app for 2020?

Reviewer 2: Sorry I missed this, I updated my suggestion...
`/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app` is the path for Cubit 2020.2

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain the Linux plugin from the link above. These instructions assume that you
have installed Cubit in ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2``. If you installed it somewhere
else, modify these instructions appropriately.

These operations may need to be performed as the root user (sudo).

1.  Unpack the tarball in ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2/bin/plugins``.
2.  Change directory to ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2/bin/plugins/dagmc``.
3.  Run the install script: ``./install.sh``.

OS/X install
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain the OS/X plugin from the link above. These instructions assume that you
have installed Cubit in ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app``. If you installed it
somewhere else, modify these instructions appropriately.

These operations may need to be performed as the root user (sudo).

1.  If it does not already exist, create a folder called ``plugins`` in
    ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app/Contents/MacOS``.
2.  Unpack the tarball in ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app/Contents/MacOS/plugins``.
3.  Change directory to

>     ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app/Contents/MacOS/plugins/dagmc``.

Author: Are these paths also correct, then, @bam241 (I just updated them based on the above fix)?

>     ``/Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app/Contents/MacOS/plugins/dagmc``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `` /Applications/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2.app/Contents``.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Obtain the Linux plugin from the link above. These instructions assume that you
have installed Cubit in ``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2``. If you installed it somewhere
else, modify these instructions appropriately.

These operations may need to be performed as the root user (sudo).

> - Unpack the tarball in the Cubit installation folder (``/opt/Coreform-Cubit-2020.2`` by default).

Reviewer: @bam241, do users no longer need to run an `install.sh` script to install?

Reviewer 2: not anymore. 
the new plugin is simpler to install :)
